
# The Fox

## The Ass, the Fox, and the Lion:

THE ASS and the Fox, having entered into partnership together for
their mutual protection, went out into the forest to hunt.  They
had not proceeded far when they met a Lion.  The Fox, seeing
imminent danger, approached the Lion and promised to contrive for
him the capture of the Ass if the Lion would pledge his word not
to harm the Fox.  Then, upon assuring the Ass that he would not
be injured, the Fox led him to a deep pit and arranged that he
should fall into it.  The Lion, seeing that the Ass was secured,
immediately clutched the Fox, and attacked the Ass at his
leisure.

Never trust your enemy.

## The Bear and the Fox:

A BEAR boasted very much of his philanthropy, saying that of all
animals he was the most tender in his regard for man, for he had
such respect for him that he would not even touch his dead body. 
A Fox hearing these words said with a smile to the Bear, "Oh!
that you would eat the dead and not the living."  

## The Crab and the Fox 

A CRAB, forsaking the seashore, chose a neighboring green meadow
as its feeding ground.  A Fox came across him, and being very
hungry ate him up.  Just as he was on the point of being eaten,
the Crab said, "I well deserve my fate, for what business had I
on the land, when by my nature and habits I am only adapted for
the sea?'  

Contentment with our lot is an element of happiness.

## The Dog, the Cock, and the Fox 

A DOG and a Cock being great friends, agreed to travel together. 
At nightfall they took shelter in a thick wood.  The Cock flying
up, perched himself on the branches of a tree, while the Dog
found a bed beneath in the hollow trunk.  When the morning
dawned, the Cock, as usual, crowed very loudly several times.  A
Fox heard the sound, and wishing to make a breakfast on him, came
and stood under the branches, saying how earnestly he desired to
make the acquaintance of the owner of so magnificent a voice. 
The Cock, suspecting his civilities, said:  "Sir, I wish you would
do me the favor of going around to the hollow trunk below me, and
waking my porter, so that he may open the door and let you in."
When the Fox approached the tree, the Dog sprang out and caught
him, and tore him to pieces.  

## The Dogs and the Fox 

SOME DOGS, finding the skin of a lion, began to tear it in pieces
with their teeth.  A Fox, seeing them, said, "If this lion were
alive, you would soon find out that his claws were stronger than
your teeth."  

It is easy to kick a man that is down.  
